Add guidance on when to choose online or local Katas run (#331)
microsoft/QuantumKatas: README.md

## Run the katas and tutorials online <a name="run-online" /> ##

The Quantum Katas are now available as Jupyter Notebooks online! See [index.ipynb](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/Microsoft/QuantumKatas/master?filepath=index.ipynb) for the list of all katas and tutorials, and instructions for running them online.

> While running online is the easiet option to get started, if you want to save your progress and better performance, choose the local option. 

Reviewer: I would suggest framing this as a note - otherwise it blends with the first sentence and can get visually lost easily.

```suggestion

> While running the Katas online is the easiest option to get started, if you want to save your progress and enjoy better performance, we recommend you to choose the local option. 
```
